Document that nightly features should be opt-in using a cargo feature (#284)
rust-lang/api-guidelines: src/future-proofing.md

[`std::borrow::Cow`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/borrow/enum.Cow.html
[`std::boxed::Box`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/boxed/struct.Box.html
[`std::io::BufWriter`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/io/struct.BufWriter.html

<a id="c-nightly-optin"></a>
## Nightly features use an explicit opt-in (C-NIGHTLY-OPTIN)

Some libraries need to use, or want to experiment with, the [nightly channel].
To avoid accidental breakage, libraries should either:
- Use nightly features unconditionally, so that people depending on the library must always use a nightly toolchain to build

> - Add a `--cfg` flag which opts-in to the nightly features (optionally, with feature detection to verify the features are present in the current compiler version). This allows people to avoid opting-in if they do not want to be exposed to possible breakage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a `--cfg` flag which opts-in to the nightly features (optionally, with a test compilation to provide better error messages from opt-in when feature is not supported). This allows people to avoid opting-in if they do not want to be exposed to possible breakage.
```

Reviewer: Perhaps something like this? It's a stronger statement and less likely to be misread in a way that suggests avoiding the explicit opt-in.

Author: sure, i added something along those lines.
